
# General bits and bobs 

 This output is generated by supplying a README.md file to git. GitHub then makes it look a little fancy and display beneath all the files. Notice if you look at it all that it is, is a plain old text. All I need to do get a big title is start a new line with a hashtag. Two hastags for a smaller title. In this respect its very similar to the Jupyter notebook markdown.
 Its generally good practice to include one outlining what each file contains/overall structure of the repo. i.e. dont be a dick and make people click around your crazy file structure for 30 minutes before they find what they need! 


## InstallInstructions.docx

This file contains all the installation instructions I sent out on Tuesday.

## NotesForPythonIntroduction.ipynb

This file is a Jupyter notebook with some common python syntax. I stole all of of it from the notebooks contained in Python-Lectures

## Python-lectures

This directory contains the original much more comprehensive intro to python by Rajath Kumar. https://github.com/rajathkmp/Python-Lectures   

If you want to comprehensively learn python (and have a spare day/day and half) sitting down and doing it through https://www.codecademy.com is a good bet.

Also there are quite a few other ways. Go have a poke around Stack Overflow and see what people there recommend
Ahh!! That reminds me...stack overflow. Its basically the world's questions and answer site for 99.9999% of all coding problems. How to code in 3 easy steps.

1. Write code
2. Notice it doesn't work, Copy error message
3. Paste error into google, read the stack overflow threads for the answer.

No answer on stack? Ask your own but to be honest only do this when you feel super confident that there is no answer on the web and you know your problem well. They are very tollerant of beginners.



